README.md, before:

# SSL Hardware Challenge Tool

This tool will check if the robots/ball are correctly placed for the given
challenge.

It will wait until all robots/ball are placed, wait 2 seconds and ask the user
to confirm the beginning of the challenge. After that, everything will happen
automatically.

## Dependencies

- Python 3.8.5
  - [WebSocket](https://pypi.org/project/websocket-client/)
  - Pygame

PS: Only tested in Ubuntu 20.04.

To install the Python packages run

```shell
pip3 install websocket-client pygame
```

The project already contains de compiled .proto files for Python, but, in case
you need to re-compile/update them you need to place the new .proto files in
the `proto` folder and then use the included script:

```shell
./update_protos.sh
```

## Usage

Open the GameController and run the `ChallengeManager.py` with:

```shell
python3 ChallengeManager.py -f <challenge_positions.json> -c <challenge_number>
```

- **challenge_positions.json**: is the .json file that contains the positions
  of the challenge.
- **challenge_number**: is the **id** of the challenge, must be between 1 and
  4.

For more information about the input arguments use:

```shell
python3 ChallengeManager.py -h
```

## User Interface

The graphical user interface shows:

- The position of each yellow robot: dark yellow circle with the robot **id**
- The position of each blue robot:  light blue circle with the robot **id**
- The position of the ball: orange circle with **id=-1**

The colored circles indicate a threshold distance where the object must be
placed, currently this threshold is **20mm** and **5⁰**. Therefore, the object
must be within a distance of **20mm** from the challenge position, with less
than **5⁰** of orientation error. (subject to change)

If the object (robot/ball) is correctly placed, it's corresponding circle will
turn light green, as shown in the image below.

![SSL Hardware Challenge Tool](./resources/view_example.png)

Commit message:

Update README, check if there are too many robots, if they are positioned correctly regardless if they are included in the json, check if the robot came to a complete stop in challenge 3

README.md, after:

# SSL Hardware Challenge Tool

This tool will check if the robots/ball are correctly placed for the given
challenge.

It will wait until all robots/ball are placed, wait 2 seconds and ask the user
to confirm the beginning of the challenge. After that, everything will happen
automatically.

## Dependencies

- Python 3.8.5
  - [WebSocket](https://pypi.org/project/websocket-client/)
  - Pygame

PS: Only tested in Ubuntu 20.04.

To install the Python packages run

```shell
pip3 install websocket-client pygame
```

The project already contains de compiled .proto files for Python, but, in case
you need to re-compile/update them you need to place the new .proto files in
the `proto` folder and then use the included script:

```shell
./update_protos.sh
```

## Usage

Open the GameController and run the `ChallengeManager.py` with:

```shell
python3 ChallengeManager.py -f <challenge_positions.json> -c <challenge_number>
```

- **challenge_positions.json**: is the .json file that contains the positions
  of the challenge.
- **challenge_number**: is the **id** of the challenge, must be between 1 and
  4.

For more information about the input arguments use:

```shell
python3 ChallengeManager.py -h
```

### User Interface

The graphical user interface shows:

- The position of each yellow robot: dark yellow circle with the robot **id**
- The position of each blue robot:  light blue circle with the robot **id**
- The position of the ball: orange circle with **id=-1**

The colored circles indicate a threshold distance where the object must be
placed, currently this threshold is **20mm** and **5⁰**. Therefore, the object
must be within a distance of **20mm** from the challenge position, with less
than **5⁰** of orientation error. (subject to change)

If the object (robot/ball) is correctly placed, it's corresponding circle will
turn light green, as shown in the image below.

![SSL Hardware Challenge Tool](./resources/positioning.gif)

### Warnings

The tool will warn the user if there is any infliction of the rules of the challenge
regarding the initial position, the warnings indicate:

- If there are more defending robots (yellow) than the number defined in the
  json
- If there are more attacking robots (blue) than the number allowed for the
  current challenge
  - The 'Found' and 'Max' values in this warning mean, how many extra robots
    are in the field, and how many extra robots are allowed, respectively. A
    robot with its position defined in the json doesn't count

- If the robots that do not have their position defined in the json are in a
  valid position (usually the middle line)
